Anish Sachdeva
Software Developer + Clean Code Enthusiast

Phone : 8287428181
email : anish_@outlook.com
home : sandesh vihar, pitampura, new delhi - 110034
date of birth : 7th April 1998
languages : English, Hindi, French

Work Experience
What After College (4 months)
Delhi, India
Creating content to teach Core Java and Python with Data Structures and Algorithms and giving online classes to students.
Giving Python classes workshops to students all around India and teaching core data structures and the Python API
with emphasis on Data Structures, Algorithms and Problem Solving. See a sample python batch here:
https://github.com/anishLearnsToCode/python-workshop-6

Also teaching Java to students in Batches of 10 days, where the full Java API and data types are covered along with many
important algorithms are aso taught. See a sample Java batch here: https://github.com/anishLearnsToCode/java-wac-batch-32

Summer Research Fellow at University of Auckland (2 Months)
Auckland, New Zealand
Worked on Geometry of Mobius Transformations, Differential Geometry under Dr. Pedram Hekmati at the Department of
Mathematics, University of Auckland. Worked on various topics in mathematics such as abelian Group theory,
Measure Theory, Graph Theory and Differential Geometry.

Attended lectures and conferences with notable speakers from throughout Academia and the Industry. Met up with Ed Witten
who is currently at the Forefront of Applied Mathematics in Physics and Mathematical Topology in Higher dimensional
spaces.

Met with scientist from Microsoft Quantum Research that are working on cutting edge research and using foundational
group theory and Mobius Transformations in real world practical applications.

Software Developer at CERN (14 Months)
CERN, Geneva, Switzerland
Worked in the core Platforms team of the FAP-BC group. Part of an agile team of developers that maintains and adds core
functionality to applications used internally at CERN by HR, Financial, Administrative and other departments including
Scientific.

Worked on legacy applications that comprise of single and some times multiple frameworks such as Java Spring, Boot,
Hibernate and Java EE. Also worked with Google Polymer 1.0 and JSP on the client side.

Maintained CERN's Electronic Document Handing System application with >1M LOC that comprising of multiple frameworks
and created ~20 years ago. Worked on feature requests, support requests and incidents and also release cycles.

While at CERN, i also engaged socially and participated in self growth outside the work environment. I was part of the
department band as lead singer and guitarist. I also worked on my french and learnt it till A2 level. I participated
in many workshops, and volunteered as a participant and helper in many activities related to Programming, Robotics
etc.

Teaching Assistant (4 Months)
Coding Ninjas, Delhi
Served as the teaching assistant to Nucleus - Java with DS batch, under Mr. Ankur Kumar. Worked on creating course
content and quizzes for online platform of Coding Ninjas for Java. Helped students in core Data Structures and Algorithms
concepts in Java.

Education
Delhi Technological University (2016 - 2021)
Bachelors of Technology Mathematics and Computing
CGPA: 9.2

The Heritage School Rohini (2004 - 2016)
Physics, Chemistry, Maths + Computer Science with English
Senior Secondary: 94.8%
Secondary: 9.8 CGPA

Technical Skills
Java + Algorithms and Data Structures
MEAN Stack Web Development
Python + Machine Learning
MATLAB + Octave
MySQL, PostgresSQL & MongoDB

Other Skills
MS Office, Adobe Photoshop, LaTeX + MiTeX

University Courses
Applied Mathematics I, II, III
Linear Algebra + Probability & Statistics + Stochastic Processes + Discrete Maths
Computer Organization & Architecture + Data Structures + Algorithm Design and Analysis + DBMS + OS
Computer Vision + NLP

Important Links
https://www.linkedin.com/in/anishsachdeva1998/
https://github.com/anishLearnsToCode
https://www.hackerrank.com/anishviewer

Honours and Awards
MITACS Globalink Scholarship Cohort of 2020
Summer Research Fellowship University of Auckland Mathematics Department
Technical Student @ CERN
Google India Challenge Scholarship

Certifications
Trinity College of London Plectrum Guitar Grade 4 (Distinction)
Trinity College of London Plectrum Guitar Grade 3 (Merit)
Trinity College of London Plectrum Guitar Grade 2 (Distinction)
Trinity College of London Plectrum Guitar Grade 1 (Distinction)
French A2.1 Level from CERN
Java Data Structures and Algorithms @ Coding Ninjas
Web Development with Ruby on Rails @ Coding Ninjas
Competitive Programming @ Coding Ninjas
